California Privacy Rights
Home
California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California, the information below applies to you. This policy is a supplement to our
Privacy Policy
, so you should also review those terms.
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information
Categories of Personal Information CARFAM has collected from or about its guests in the preceding 12 months
Identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone number, account password, or other contact details information you may provide to us)
Automotive Sales or Service inquiry information: billing address, shipping address, together with vehicle details (such as VIN, year, make, model, mileage), methods of payment and/or any communications we have received about your purchase
Payment information (e.g. name, card issuer and card type, credit or debit card number, expiration date, CVV code, and/or billing address)
Information you provide about a third party (e.g. name, surname, address and contact details of recipient for delivery of goods or services (such as sending a gift or virtual gift card), if different from yours
Preference information (e.g. your account settings including preferred dealership, your saved vehicles, your owned vehicles, contact channel and types of services/offers that interest you)
Other voluntary information (e.g. any voluntary information you may provide us in the course of your interactions with us, such as by sending an email through our Website and/or to the addresses indicated in our Website or by calling, emailing, texting, or chatting online with our staff or by responding to surveys or competitions)
Sensitive personal information (e.g. such as your driver's license number, state identification card; precise geolocation – if you permit us to obtain your precise geolocation; your race, your ethnic origin, and biometric data; combination of email address, financial account, debit card, or credit card with security or access code, password, or other credentials allowing access to your account)
Internet network and device information (e.g. IP address, internet provider, operating system and browser used, domain names of the computers you use to visit our Website, type of device, such as laptop or smartphone, log files, URIs (Uniform Resource Identifiers) of the resources requested, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in reply, the numerical status code of the server reply (successful, error, etc.) and other parameters concerning the user's operating system and computer environment, and/or device cookie settings and other device details, such as MAC address)
Information automatically collected from your browser, including through use of the Facebook or other tracking pixels (when you use our website, some data is automatically transferred from your browser to our server, including your browser type, operating system type or mobile device model, viewed web pages, form submissions, links that are clicked, the keystrokes typed, movement of the mouse or pointer, IP address, mobile device identifier or other unique identifier, sites or apps visited before coming to our Website, the amount of time you spend viewing or using the Website and the pages visited, the number of times you return, or other click-stream or site usage data, and emails we send that you open, forward, or click through to our website)
General geolocation data (e.g. latitude or longitude)
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information (e.g. recording of guest service calls)
Inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g. preferences, characteristics, and demographic, lifestyle, and purchase intent data to create a profile about a consumer)
Legal information (e.g. fraud checks or flags raised about your transactions, payment card refusals, suspected crimes, complaints and/or claims)
Social Media Information (e.g. if you interact with us through a social media service or log in using social media credentials, depending on your social media settings, we may have access to your information from that social network such as your name, email address, age, gender, and location)
Categories of Sources from which CARFAM has collected Personal Information about guests (for more information, see the “How is personally identifiable information collected section” of CARFAM’s privacy policy).
You (e.g. in our dealership or in the course of using www.carfam.com, including filling out or submitting forms)
Our website or app technology’s interaction with your browser or devices
Data Providers (many of which draw information from publicly available records, phone directories, US postal service records, and other sources)
Social Media
Other third parties (e.g. police, crime and fraud prevention agencies, payment card providers, the public, regulators, and your and our professional advisors and representatives)
Business or Commercial purposes for which CARFAM has collected, used, or shared Personal Information about guests in the preceding 12 months (for more information, see the “How is the collected information used” section of CARFAM’s privacy policy).
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services;
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance;
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
Registering you on our website and managing your online account profile
Subscribing you to our newsletter service
Improving our website, products and services, customer service, and customer shopping experience
Ensuring our website and app technology work properly with your device and make sure you can see and use our intended website and apps on the device you are using
Providing offers that may be of interest to you
Creating a “session replay” of your visit to our website
For analytical and demographic purposes
Categories of Third Parties with whom CARFAM has shared your Personal Information in the preceding 12 months
Our affiliates
Our service providers, including our private label card issuer
Our joint marketing partners
Social media networks
Third-party marketing partners
Government entities, including law enforcement
Your State Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California (starting Jan. 1, 2023), the law in that state provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information:
Your California Privacy Rights
The right to know what personal information we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom CARFAM discloses personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information CARFAM has collected about you.
The right to correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing.
The right to request that we delete any personal information we have collected about you.
The right to opt-out of the selling or sharing of your personal information, which you can exercise through the contact form available on our website here or by modifying your privacy preferences (e.g., Global Privacy Control), available through certain internet browsers and extensions, that signal your preference to opt out. Please note that clearing your cookies at any time will remove the signal of your selected privacy preferences. We treat any request to opt-out of the selling or sharing of your personal information as a request to delete your personal information.
To submit any of the above requests, you may contact us at
(909) 543-1450
. You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request for correction on your behalf on our website through our contact form. When you exercise these rights and submit a request to us, we will verify your identity by asking you to provide us with additional information such as your email address or phone number. We also may use a third-party verification provider to verify your identity. We will endeavor to honor such requests unless such a request conflicts with certain lawful exemptions under your state’s consumer privacy law. Please note that we are only required to honor requests to know twice in a 12-month period.
We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in our Privacy Policy or this supplement. Your exercise of these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
In addition, and as set forth below, California law requires us to identify, for the 12-month period prior to the date of this Privacy Policy, what information we may have “sold” or “shared” about you. For the 12-month period prior to the date of this Privacy Policy, CARFAM has not sold any personal information about its customers. For the 12-month period prior to the date of this Privacy Policy, CARFAM has only shared personal information about its customers as described above. CARFAM does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, as defined in applicable laws, for any purposes other than those permitted by applicable law.
Opt-Out Preference Signals:
We are working towards enabling Global Privacy Control (GPC) as an additional way for you to submit a request to opt out of the sale and sharing of your personal information through browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal. Until then, you can opt out of the use of third-party cookies for personalized advertising by setting your cookie preferences on your browser.
California's Shine The Light Law
This Privacy Policy describes how we may share your information for marketing purposes, as described above. If you are a California resident, the “Shine the Light” law gives you the right, once a year, to ask companies what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California residents may make one Shine the Light request per year by
contacting us
. When you request the information, use the phrase “California Shine the Light Request” in your email to help us appropriately identify your question, and include your mailing address, state of residence and email address so we can provide a response.