Best Used Trucks
Home
Best Used Trucks
Best Used Trucks Research Page | CarFam
From the Frontier to the GMC lineup, CarFAM has plenty of notable used pickup trucks for sale in Rialto, California. Swing by our dealership near San Bernardino, CA and explore our pre-owned inventory of trucks! Whether you're looking for a large vehicle for work or play, we are sure to have a pickup that will work magic in your life.
Used Nissan Frontier
If you want to explore the world in an innovative way, check out
Nissan pickup trucks
. When you drive a pre-owned Frontier Pickup Truck in Rialto, California, you're saying yes to efficiency. The Frontier typically gets up to 17-mpg in the city and 23-mpg on the highway. The updated and Unleaded I-4 2.5 L/146 engine comes with an automatic transmission that will get you where you're going. The 2016 S model comes with two 12V power outlets so you can keep your essential items charged while you're navigating through San Bernardino, California.
GMC Sierra 1500 Base
Why should you choose a GMC? The GMC brand has character and qualities that every pickup owner needs! When you want to explore the
GMC Sierra 1500 base model
, you'll find that you have access to up to 24-mpg on the highway with a 6-speed automatic electronically controlled transmission and a 4.3L ECOTEC3 V6 engine with active fuel management. On the inside drivers can enjoy an audio system with a 4.2" diagonal color display with USB ports, making the Sierra 1500 the perfect model for work and play.
Pre-Owned Toyota Tundra
When you're looking to enjoy a
pre-owned Toyota pickup truck
, we recommend checking out the Tundra. The Toyota Tundra can offer Rialto, CA drivers a lot of innovation for their money. The Tundra comes packed with a powerful V8 engine and a 2WD CrewMax Standard Bed 5.7L 1794 Edition! If you want to experience a pickup with rear-wheel-drive, now is the time. Throw in the fact that Tundra models have available auto lock features and rear parking sensors and you've got the perfect truck!
Test Drive Our Trucks In Rialto, CA Now
Say yes to your next pickup truck by visiting our
dealership in Rialto, California
. Get a pickup that can tow, haul, and ride with the best of them!