Used Car Dealer Serving Rialto, California Communities & Beyond
Home
Community
CarFam believes in helping the community. We know that without you, we wouldn't exist. We are currently working with many organizations, including CHOC Children's Foundation and Wheels for Wishes, to better Rialto, CA and its surrounding communities.
CHOC Children's Hospital Of Orange County
If your child is in need of medical care, you're going to want the best of the best. CarFam recognizes this, and that's why we are honored to be associated with
CHOC Children's Hospital
. At present CHOC Children's Hospital in Orange has four institutes––the Heart Institute, Neuroscience Institute, Orthopedic Institute, and the Hyundai Cancer Institute––and all of them are actively involved in over 350 active research studies. Check out CHOC Children's and learn about their various awards and recognition:
Among 7% of the U.S Hospitals Holding a Magnet designation, the highest honor for nursing excellence
The first children's hospital in the United States to earn the Beacon Award for Critical Care Excellence
One of three ER departments in CA to be awarded the 2017 Lantern Award via the Emergency Nurses Association
U.S. News & World Report Ranked (2017-18) as one of the Nation's Best Children's Hospitals with recognition in 8 specialties
Wheels For Wishes
Have you ever thought about donating your car? You might be surprised to know that you can change the lives of many through a single donation.
Wheels for Wishes
helps children have fulfilling childhoods through vehicle donations. So how does this work? We raise funds to support Make-A-Wish chapters through your vehicle donations. The wishes help children focus on something entirely separate from their illnesses: being a kid. According to the Wheels for Wishes website, donors have helped grant over 6,000 wishes as of September 2018. Are you looking to contribute?
Contact us now
and learn more about this amazing opportunity. Do you have something else to donate? Wheels for Wishes accepts the following:
Cars
Boats
Motorcycles
Old RV or Motor homes
We proudly donate a portion of every retail sale to CHOC Children's Hospital.
How Are We Making An Impact?
At present, on every sold vehicle CarFam makes a donation to
CHOC Children's Hospital
on behalf of the customer. This means that every time
you
buy a vehicle from us, you're doing your part as well. CarFam also contributes to wheels for wishes.
Shop With Us & Make a Difference